PLEASE READ
--------------------------------------------
By using the following Windows 3.1 Driver Library
(the "Software"), you are hereby agreeing to the
included license agreement.  Please review the
file LICENSE.TXT.


Installing a Display Driver
-----------------------------------
Follow the instructions given in "Installing a
Device Driver Not Supplied with Windows Version
3.1," in Chapter 15, "Maintaining Windows with
Setup," in the "Microsoft Windows User's Guide."
When requested to insert a disk, insert the disk
you made during the downloading procedure, or
type the path of the directory where you
downloaded the driver.

NOTE:  When using Setup to install the driver
files, Setup may request that you enter a
directory path in order to copy the VGALOGO.LGO
and VGALOGO.RLE  files.  It may prompt you for
the driver disk or for a Windows 3.1 Setup disk.
When this happens, simply enter the full path
to the driver diskette or directory again,
and Setup will continue.

NOTE:  Some display driver files on the WDL are
compressed.  SETUP automatically handles 
compressed files during the driver installation
process.  Always use SETUP to install display
drivers.  DO NOT copy WDL display driver files
directly into your Windows directory.